Learnt following services in AWS :-
1. AWS GuardDuty -> Threat detection service which monitors AWS accounts for suspicious activity. Kind of does penetration testing in AWS using machine learning algos.

2. Amazon Inspector -> It scans AWS services for security vulnerabilities like EC2 instances, container images and lambda functions. We can say its a vulnerability scanner.

3. AWS KMS -> It manages encryption keys for securing data in AWS services.

4. AWS System Manager -> Mainly used for secure remote access and automate routine tasks of deployment.

5. AWS RDS -> Its service to manage SQL based database like MySQL, PostgreSQL and MariaDB.

6. Amazon Aurora -> Its high performance relational DB service which supports MySQL and PostgreSQL.

7. Amazon DynamoDB -> AWS service which manages NoSQL based DB

8. Amazon Redshift -> Its cloud based data warehouse service which allows SQL queries to be run on them in parallel for faster query processing.

9. AWS Batch -> handles batch computing and processing jobs at any scale

10. AWS Glue -> which is ETL tool and serverless which is integrated with AWS Redshift and S3.

11. AWS Elastic Beanstalk -> acts as platform as a service for deploying, scaling and monitoring applications made in JS, Java or Python.

12. AWS X-Ray -> a debugging tool service for microservice based applications

13. AWS CodePipeline -> used to automate entire end to end release process from code change to production.
It automates and defines stages in which code will move like source, build, test and deploy.

14. AWS CodeBuild -> used to compile code, run unit tests and creates ready to use packages.

15. AWS CodeDeploy -> It pushes your finished software packages out to your servers or cloud services.

16. RTO Vs RPO ->
1> Terms used in case of disaster recover.
1> RTO stands for Recovery Time Objective means for how long systems can be down.
2> RPO stands for Recovery Point Objective means how much recent data system can offord to lose.

17. IAAS Vs PAAS Vs SAAS

